feat: Autogenerate admin api key if not passed (#11080)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/admin-api.md

You can make a force deletion by adding the request argument `force=true` to the delete request, for example:

:::note

> You can get the get the admin_key from config.yaml like this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can fetch the `admin_key` from `config.yaml` and save to an environment variable with the following command:
```

Reviewer: Please update all other instances as well if this suggestion is accepted.

```bash
 admin_key=$(yq '.deployment.admin.admin_key[0].key' conf/config.yaml | sed 's/"//g')
```

:::

```bash

> $ curl http://127.0.0.1:9180/apisix/admin/upstreams/1 -H "X-API-KEY: $admin_key" -X PUT -d '{

Reviewer: Wouldn't this be interpreted as string literal? Should it be `${admin_key}` instead? Because I saw you save the admin key to an env var as well
